here at out fours comm we're reviewing
the hex solo wallet for the iPhone 6
this retails for 3995 comes in several
different colors this is a premium
leather material it's actually hand
wrapped around a hard plastic interior
piece and this snaps onto the iPad here
you can see as this kind of micro suede
lining on the inside that's going to
keep it from scratching even if a little
dust got in here it's gonna keep that
from scratching there you see you have
the hex logo and it's a wallet case
obviously and I'll show you that here in
a second so you have these two slits to
put credit cards you could probably fit
fit two in each one and that leather is
going to start to stretch a little bit
which is good or bad depending on how
many you want to have in there but if
you put way too many I could see that
being a problem so I probably wouldn't
push it too much but you can fit quite a
few credit cards in there you've got
this stitched text logo down here on
that looks really nice and then this
comes up over the edges and pre eights a
little bezel but it can still be used
with any screen protector on there it
doesn't come up too much over and around
the edge but still does create a little
protection on the front of the screen
you get the full camera cut out you've
got full access to all your buttons and
ports and so you're not gonna have any
interference there but you'll get a
really nice leather material it kind of
breaks in overtime and has a really nice
look to it kind of a whether the leather
look that's still gonna hold up really
nice so this is the brown but it does
come in several different colors they're
all available on Alfie yours comm and if
you're not wanting the wallet option
they do just have the regular hex focus
that doesn't have the slits but there's
still the leather and the snap-on case
so really nice it's available on outfit
yours comm check out the different
colors check out the other hex cases or
any of the other numerous brands that we
carry on an outfit yours comm but there
you go for the hex solo wallet for
iPhone 6